Slide 1
	Hello, my name is Neil Byrne. For my Final Year Project I am developing a Covid-19 Contact Tracing Application.
	
Slide 2
	At the moment we are going through global pandemic which has brought an array of new challeges which technology
	has played a big part in fighting against. Zoom and Microsoft Teams intergrated very well into how we deliver work and
	school to employees and students.
	However, while restaurants and shops are reopening Contact Tracing has become a real concern and is stricly enforced
	in all establishments.
	At the moment pen and paper is used to record all customers information in the case of an outbreak. In this 
	project I am developing an Application to replace this old method and streamline the process.
	
	The project will have a mobile app component for users to enter their relevent contact tracing information.
	With RFID the user can send this information through an RFID reader and this information can be stored for
	later use if needed.
	
	A GEO-Tag will also be used for the mobile user to easily track what businesses they should contact.
	While the business that recieved the information now has a well sorted table with the relevent
	contact information on it. In the scenario of an outbreak, they can simiply send a mass text or email
	to all the customers in the list. Or select every customer from a certain date. Having this data digitally
	is far more powerful then on a piece of paper.
	In a time where data and privacy is so valuable it is crazy that the pen and paper method is so widley 
	used. Anyone can see or take that information very easily and it is in breach of GDPR
	
	To create this project I will be implementing an ESP32 board which is an IoT device that will be used with
	the MEAN stack

Slide 3
	This is a high level overview of the whole project. The user with the application on their mobile will scan the RFID board
	and send the relevent information via serial input to the NodeMCU board. Through HTTP POST requests the board will send the new data
	to the MEAN application. The data being sent will be stored in a log file which can be viewed or manipulated in a MONGO db database 
	by an administrator.
	The web application will be developed with the MEAN stack. MongoDB for the database, Express for backend, Angular for frontend 
	and NodeJS for all of the modules